When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work 
local?

    Many reasons, as: sharing code, working together, safety (in case computer failure).

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because the local version might be a work in progress for a future merge,
    and an automatic pull would overwrite the new local features.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    - Fork is a repository copy of a github project, for your own github user, where
    you can make changes without affecting the original project. It is used when
    you want to make changes on projects belonging to other users without affecting them.
    - Clone is a copy of a github repository into your local machine. Cloning is needed
    whenever you want to make changes that are not simple enough to be done on 
    github website.
    - branches are separate "commit paths" in a local repository. It should be 
    used whenever a new experiment or functionality is being developed in a repository
    and you don't want to affect the main working version.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    That is necessary for merging conflicting versions of your local changes 
    and eventual collaborator's changes that were already pushed earlier into
    github repository. Comparing with your last known state will be part of 
    this merge process.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Would be a lot harder, as it's a process involving many steps, and doing it
    without a tool designed for it would probably lead to many errors. We would 
    need to send code, compare, agree or disagree, etc, probably via emails, 
    without versioning.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Even with the extra steps for multiple contributor's branches merging, 
    creating branches is still necessary if a new feature is being implemented
    while a main functional version always needs to exist and needs to be fully
    working.
